okay this next leg starts with a down
stroke on the fifth fret B string the
first finger on the fretting hand
carefully meets in either side of the
string that's being played then
hammering on to the seventh fret with
the second finger and the eighth fret
with the third finger again using our
one-two-three approach which naturally
sets the hand position at a slight angle
and is good for finishing with bends and
vibrato then up to the fifth fret on the
high E string on a Down stroke
and again inside the string pick in with
an upstroke on the eighth fret B string
pulling off to 7:00 and then back to 5
and from here on in to the repetition
down up down up down up again if we were
to follow the conventions of strict's
alternate picking we could also try
playing the fifth fret high e using an
upstroke with a Down stroke on the
eighth fret B string up down up down
the lick ends with a bend on the flat
seven at the eighth fret B string
finishing with some wide rock fiber also